white sugar
I'm asking you why Zhao Yunxue joined Red Star
Answer me!
eldest sister
I really don't know if Zhao Yunxue dares to disrespect you.
If I knew that Zhao Yunxue was acting like this
It is absolutely impossible to accept him for entry.
Zhao Yunxue is your subordinate
Now he commits the following
How do you think this matter should be handled?
I loved you back then
Zhao Yunxue Zhao Yunxue
You really ate bear hearts and leopard gall
How dare you offend the eldest sister
Immediately kneel down and apologize to the eldest sister
Big sister big sister
I know wrong
I didn't know it was you.
Just treat me like a fart, I beg you
Yes it's them
It's all them
I was bewitched by their Zhao family
Sister, I beg you
You spare my life
Li Hui, you bastard
You you bastard
Son of a bitch
Ah!
Ah Li Hui you
How dare you hit me!
So what if I hit you?
You have also offended me.
Big sister
I married you for eight lifetimes
Brother-in-law, how do you get out?
Don't call me brother-in-law
If it weren't for you
How did things end up like this?
And you, woman, I'm telling you
I want to divorce you